Add candlestick tutorial (#916)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/tutorials/financial-candlestick-tick-data/advanced-data-management.md

continuous aggregates that are on top of it will have a 70 day chunk time
interval.
</highlight>

You can set up a data retention policy to remove old data from
your `one_min_candle` continuous aggregate:
```sql
SELECT add_retention_policy('one_min_candle', INTERVAL '70 days');
```

This data retention policy removes chunks from the continuous aggregate
that are older than 70 days. In TimescaleDB, this is determined by the
`range_end` property of a hypertable, or in the case of a continuous 
aggregate, the materialized hypertable. In practice, this means that if 
you were to
define a data retention policy of 30 days for a continuous aggregate that has
a `chunk_time_interval` of 70 days, data would not be removed from the
continuous aggregates until the `range_end` of a chunk is at least 70
days older than the current time, due to the chunk time interval of the
original hypertable.

## Automatically compress tick data
TimescaleDB allows you to keep your tick data in the hypertable
but still save on storage costs with TimescaleDB's native compression.
You need to enable compression on the hypertable and set up a compression
policy to automatically compress old data.

> Enable compression on crypto_ticks hypertable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable compression on `crypto_ticks` hypertable:
```

```sql
ALTER TABLE crypto_ticks SET (
 timescaledb.compress,
 timescaledb.compress_segmentby = 'symbol'
);
```

Set up compression policy to compress data that's older than 7 days:
```sql
SELECT add_compression_policy('crypto_ticks', INTERVAL '7 days');
```

Executing these two SQL scripts compresses chunks that are
older than 7 days.

For more information, see the [compression][compression] section.

## Automatically compress candlestick data
Beginning with [TimescaleDB 2.6][release-blog], you can also set up a
compression policy on your continuous aggregates. This is a useful feature
if you store a lot of historical candlestick data that consumes significant
disk space, but you still want to retain it for longer periods.

> Enable compression on the 1-min candlestick view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable compression on the `one_min_candlestick` view:
```

```sql
ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW one_min_candle set (timescaledb.compress = true);
```

> Set compression policy to compress data after 70 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a compression policy to compress data after 70 days:
```

# Advanced data management
The final part of this tutorial shows you some more advanced techniques
to efficiently manage your tick and candlestick data long-term. TimescaleDB
is equipped with multiple features that help you manage your data lifecycle
and reduce your disk storage needs as your data grows.

This section contains four examples of how you can set up automation policies on your

> tick data hypertable, and your candlestick continuous aggregates. This can help you 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tick data hypertable and your candlestick continuous aggregates. This can help you 
```

save on disk storage and improve the performance of long-range analytical queries by
automatically:
* [Deleting older tick data](#automatically-delete-older-tick-data)
* [Deleting older candlestick data](#automatically-delete-older-candlestick-data)
* [Compressing tick data](#automatically-compress-tick-data)
* [Compressing candlestick data](#automatically-compress-candlestick-data)

Before you implement any of these automation policies, it's important to have

> a high level understanding about chunk time intervals in TimescaleDB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a high-level understanding of chunk time intervals in TimescaleDB
```

hypertables and continuous aggregates. The chunk time interval you set
for your tick data table directly affects how these automation policies
work. For more information, see the 
[hypertables and chunks][chunks] section.

## Hypertable chunk time intervals and automation policies
TimescaleDB uses hypertables to provide a high-level and familiar abstraction
layer to interact with PostgreSQL tables. You just need to access one
hypertable to access all of your time-series data.

Under the hood, TimescaleDB creates chunks based on the timestamp column.
Each chunk size is determined by the [`chunk_time_interval`][interval]

> parameter you can provide when creating the hypertable or you can also change
> this setting afterwards. If you don't provide this optional parameter, the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
parameter. You can provide this parameter when creating the hypertable, or you can change
it afterwards. If you don't provide this optional parameter, the
```

chunk time interval defaults to 7 days. This means that each of the

> chunks in the hypertable contains 7 days worth of data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
chunks in the hypertable contains 7 days' worth of data.
```

> It's important to understand this, because all of the TimescaleDB automation 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Knowing your chunk time interval is important. All of the TimescaleDB automation 
```

policies described in this section depend on this information, and the chunk 
time interval fundamentally affects how these policies impact your data.

> Let's look at these specific automation policies and how they work in the
> context of financial tick data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, learn about these automation policies and how they work in the
context of financial tick data.
```

## Automatically delete older tick data

> Usually, the older your time-series data becomes, the less relevant and useful it is.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Usually, the older your time-series data, the less relevant and useful it is.
```

> This is often the case with tick data as well. As time goes on you might not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is often the case with tick data as well. As time passes, you might not
```

> need the raw tick data any more because you only want to query the candlestick

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
need the raw tick data any more, because you only want to query the candlestick
```

> aggregations. In this scenario, you can decide to remove old tick data
> automatically from your hypertable after it becomes older than a certain time
> interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
aggregations. In this scenario, you can decide to remove tick data
automatically from your hypertable after it gets older than a certain time
interval.
```

TimescaleDB has a built-in way to automatically remove raw data after a
specific time. You can set up this automation using a
[data retention policy][retention]:
```sql
SELECT add_retention_policy('crypto_ticks', INTERVAL '7 days');
```

When you run this, it adds a data retention policy to the `crypto_ticks`
hypertable that removes a chunk after all the data in the chunk becomes
older than 7 days. All records in the chunk need to be
older than 7 days before the chunk is dropped. 

> This is where knowledge about your hypertable's chunk time interval
> becomes crucial. If you were to set a data retention policy with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Knowledge of your hypertable's chunk time interval
is crucial here. If you were to set a data retention policy with
```

> `INTERVAL '3 days'`, the policy would not remove any data after three days.
> This is because your chunk time interval is 7 days. So even after 3
> days have passed, the most recent chunk still contains data that is newer than 3
> days, and so cannot be removed by the data retention policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`INTERVAL '3 days'`, the policy would not remove any data after three days, because your chunk time interval is seven days. Even after three
days have passed, the most recent chunk still contains data that is newer than three
days, and so cannot be removed by the data retention policy.
```

If you want to change this behavior, and drop chunks more often and
sooner, experiment with different chunk time intervals. For example, if you

> set the chunk time interval to be 2 days only, you could create a retention

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
set the chunk time interval to be two days only, you could create a retention
```

> policy with a 2-day interval that would drop a chunk every other day

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
policy with a two-day interval that would drop a chunk every other day
```

Author: Are we strict when it comes to having "two-day" vs "2-day" in general? We use the "2-day" format in a LOT of places in blogs and docs for time buckets (at least that's how I remember) and I find it easier to read (personal opinion...) @Loquacity @ryanbooz

Reviewer 2: I find the number easier to read as well, so I'm totally happy to change the style guide if that's the consensus

(enforcing style guides means defending opinions you disagree with all the time 😅 )

Reviewer: Given our discussion in Slack (specifically here: https://iobeam.slack.com/archives/C0J94TE4F/p1646945388271069), @zseta can ignore these suggestions and keep the intervals at #-(day/minute/hour).

We'll update our style-guide accordingly.

continuous aggregates until the `range_end` of a chunk is at least 70
days older than the current time, due to the chunk time interval of the
original hypertable.

## Automatically compress tick data
TimescaleDB allows you to keep your tick data in the hypertable
but still save on storage costs with TimescaleDB's native compression.
You need to enable compression on the hypertable and set up a compression
policy to automatically compress old data.

Enable compression on crypto_ticks hypertable:
```sql
ALTER TABLE crypto_ticks SET (
 timescaledb.compress,
 timescaledb.compress_segmentby = 'symbol'
);
```

Set up compression policy to compress data that's older than 7 days:
```sql
SELECT add_compression_policy('crypto_ticks', INTERVAL '7 days');
```

Executing these two SQL scripts compresses chunks that are
older than 7 days.

For more information, see the [compression][compression] section.

## Automatically compress candlestick data
Beginning with [TimescaleDB 2.6][release-blog], you can also set up a
compression policy on your continuous aggregates. This is a useful feature
if you store a lot of historical candlestick data that consumes significant

> disk space but you still want to retain it for longer periods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
disk space, but you still want to retain it for longer periods.
```

> Enable compression on the 1-min candlestick view:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable compression on the one-minute candlestick view:
```

```sql
ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW one_min_candle set (timescaledb.compress = true);
```

Set compression policy to compress data after 70 days:
```sql
SELECT add_compression_policy('one_min_candle', compress_after=> INTERVAL '70 days');
```

<highlight type="important">

> Before setting up a compression policy on any of the candlestick views,
> set up a refresh policy first. The compression policy interval should

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before setting a compression policy on any of the candlestick views,
set a refresh policy first. The compression policy interval should
```
